vsce docs update: file structure overview (#37241)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: client/vscode/CONTRIBUTING.md

   - The extension is published with the [auto-incremented](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/working-with-extensions/publishing-extension#autoincrementing-the-extension-version) version number by running the `vsce publish $RELEASE_TYPE` command provided by the [vsce CLI tool](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/working-with-extensions/publishing-extension#vsce)
4. Visit the [buildkite page for the vsce/release pipeline](https://buildkite.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/builds?branch=vsce%2Frelease) to watch the build process
5. Once the build is completed with no error, you should see the new version being verified for the Sourcegraph extension in your [Marketplace Publisher Dashboard](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/manage/publishers)

#### File Structure

Below is a quick overview of the Sourcegraph extension file structure. It does not include all the files and folders.

```
client/vscode
├── images

> ├── scripts                       // Command line scripts, e.g., script to release and publish the extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
├── scripts                       // Command line scripts, for example, script to release and publish the extension
```
